She said she was the richest girl.
So why didn't Letzhu personally come to pick you up?
If possible, provide evidence.
Prove your identity
That's right, this Leitzhu is a relative of the eldest lady.
Eldest Miss wants to come, he will definitely come personally to pick her up.
Right?
I originally paid in advance.
What evidence do I need to prove myself?
Are you still talking about me?
Didn't you also say you were a down payment?
So what evidence do you have to prove that you are?
Of course.
The top floor of Long Xuyen hotel is where the deposit is placed.
The theme leads to the top floor
There is only the supreme and unique black card of the young lady.
You can use the card
So the person who owns the card pays in advance.
Do you dare go upstairs with me to verify your identity?
Uncle Lam, I advise you not to kill yourself and flirt with girls in advance.
Not that you can stand it.
If you find nonsense, say do you dare?
Our concubines are a real down payment.
There's nothing you don't dare to do
Cut, go to market now, sweep the elevator away.
Make you completely die from this mind.
Wait, kid.
Don't listen, everyone.
Since you also said you are a down payment
Then you can certainly open this door to enter.
So if not, brush first.
Anyway, it doesn't matter who comes first, who comes next, right?
Is that Okay? It's OK.
Gently brush, we are your steadfast support.
Not.
I want to see.
How dare you pretend to be a lady?
I don't have a card.
How to brush out?